# Credit-Card-Fraud
This repository contains credit card fraud code from ChatGPT-5 to mimic the "First Day!" code.

  The advancement of artificial intelligence in the realm of data science can be very useful. In this assignment, it took a lot less brain power to just ask ChatGPT-5 to make the code instead of having to make it myself. AI seemed very knowledgeable on what to do, even when I didn't give it many details. Its plots would match what I was supposed to mimic even if I only gave it one sentence of instruction. Instead of having to give it the same instructions for different variables, I was able to just tell it to do exactly what it did before, which was very helpful. At first, I started off giving much more detailed descriptions to ChatGPT-5 so it would do things correctly, but later on I realized that I could give it more general description and it was smart enough to figure out what I wanted it to do. 
  
  There are some downsides to AI when it comes to data science, though. If someone tried to make this notebook with AI without knowing proper data science, ChatGPT-5 might make mistakes that the person would miss. The person without data science knowledge would probably trust AI blindly. I had to be knowledgeable to know when to fix what it was doing. Even if the AI does everything correctly, the person could misinterpret the results or graphs. They would have to know statistics and data science to be able to figure out what it all means. Also, a person who is trying to learn data science but is just using AI isn't really learning anything. They are thinking they are learning, but they are not. In this assignment, I had to verify AI for correctness. The way I did this mostly was if the graphs looked like the graphs from the "First Day!" code. A couple times, I gave it the description and then the code it gave me gave an error. Then, I had to rephrase what I was asking or give it more description to tell it how to do what I was asking. Or, I looked more into the code and figured out what it did wrong. 
  
